CD No. 101 dated 01.07.25
Notice to Bishnu Shrestha, interrogation of accused Bishnu, Ground of arrest and other arrest papers prepared, Medical Examination of accused, accused produced before Duty JMFC, 7 days PC till 08.07.25, statements u/s 180 BNSS. 
Sir,
In continuation of CD No. 100 written by Insp Naresh Malik, it is further submitted that during this period, after the arrest of accused Bharat Vithal Lande, I was directed by senior officers to trace accused Bishnu and for further investigation.Efforts were made to trace Bishnu, who was named by accused Bharat Vithal Lande in his disclosure as the prime accused in handling of his bank account and an important link between him and Chinese. Accordingly, manual and technical surveillance was kept to traceBishnu. Subsequently during the intervening night of 30/6/1/07/25, from a reliable source and technical surveillance it was revealed that Bishnu Shrestha, who is wanted in the present case is available at Ghaziabad Plot 870, F-4, Niti Khand, Ghaziabad U.P. All the facts were discussed with ACP sir and a team comprising myself SI Vishv, ASI Dharmendra, HC Abhishekwas constituted. Thereafter I along with staff reached at the above address and was asked to conduct raid to trace Bishnu. Furthermore, as we reach at 3rd floor and rang the bell, one Roshni Munda @sona came and she was asked about any male member named Bishnustaying there. She replied affirmative and she called Bishnu from inside room as he came,he was identified as Bishnu Shrestha after formal interrogation and verification. He was the person, whose photograph was already provided by accusedBharat Vitthal Lande and his name was disclosed as the main accused to whom his bank account was used in receiving crime money in connivence with Chinese persons. He promptly reacted by saying sir do not waste time in his interrogation as he is not the main person and the mastermind group is active in Noida yesterday night itself, who are planning to go in the morning. During formal interrogation he stated that he is not the main person in this field/ Chain and the key persons are available in Noida hotels, who are running bank account in current time where many accounts holders are also available as of now. He is only a coordinator between them and he offered that he can get them arrested immediately if raid is conducted at their hide outs otherwise, they people have already planned to leave in the morning. He also agreed to show/ point out their hideouts. Accordingly, a notice was given to him to join investigation with immediate effect. He was allowed to take and use his mobile phones as he informed that in case of not responding on phone, they people will doubt and may leave the hotel without any delay so he need use of mobile phone is unavoidable otherwise, they will disconnect him in case of not attending their call as a matter of suspicion in their normal working in this field. All facts discussed with senior officers and ACP sir directed to verify the Hotels in Noida as disclosed by him and also reached there.    
Furthermore his personal search was done and his two phone was taken into police possession all brief facts about the incident was informed to his wife Roshni Munda @sona and we took him from there and as we proceed we continuously asking him about his associates staying in NOIDA because another location was also identified in NOIDA therefore after consistent efforts accused BISHNU told us that there were 5 people named Suraj, Ishwor, Kuldeep, Nadeem, Abhinav was staying in room 101, 104 at sector 117, Hotel Mannath , NOIDA where they are planning to do investment fraud of almost 50 crores in next coming days. Then we by informing ACP sir with the team reached to Mannath hotel at sector 117, NOIDA there from hotel reception room checking was done where Suraj, Kuldeep, Ishwor was in room 101 and they are working on 4-5 mobile simultaneously where an app was open of transferring SMS by bypassing an OTP to fraudsters sitting in Nepal or China. Simultaneously from room 104 Nadeem, Abhinav was there and their mobile phones were taken into possession and we bring them all to investigate further. Subsequently accused BISHNU has also told us that a big person name ANAND was staying in Greater Noida he gave us his number and through technical surveillance he was also nabbed from a hotel room
along with his cab driver. They all were asked to join investigation at IFSO office Dwarka immediately and notices were served upon them.
Thereafter I along with staff reached at IFSO office and Bishnu Shrestha also reached at IFSO office in term of Notice u/s 35(3) BNSS served upon him. He was joined investigation and was interrogated at length. HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh were also joined investigation. During interrogation, Bishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o (1) House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, (ii) Plot No. 870, F-4, Niti Khand -I, Ghaziabad UP and (iii) I-37, Gali No. 2 Garhwali Mohalla, Laxmi Nagar New Delhi-92 admitted his guilt and admitted that accused Bharat Vithal Lande met him in Kathmandu Nepal and handed over this account details and SIM to him, which was further shared with Chinese peoples in Nepal and his account was used in cyber crime in lieu of money on commission basis. He was found having vital information. During detailed interrogation he said that he was born in Nepal at Dhapashi, Kathmandu on 17.10.1980 and studied up to B. Com from Shankardev College Kathmandu Nepal in the year 1999-2000. Thereafter I shifted to Delhi to study as CA. I could not clear the foundation course and went back to Nepal after one year. My father was running a company Shangrila International working in foreign recruitment in Nepal. In 2004, I along with my father came to India and went to Mumbai for some business purpose. I started living in Mumbai and resided there till 2007. I started working with a financer as collection boy. Thereafter I shifted to Delhi and started living in Laxmi Nagar in 2007 ending. My uncle Vijay was residing in America and he used to send money for my livelihood. In 2009, I got married with Suman and started working in tiffin supply, which I did for about 3 years. Thereafter I started a Nepali restaurant Thakali Kitchen in Laxmi Nagar and continued for two and half year till 2013. Thereafter I opened a burger house Grabe and Go, which continued for 4 years till 2017. I started working in forming NGO files. I used to prepare projects and uploads it on the site of Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment. In 2024 I searched through telegram and got a platform Gaming Fund/ Stock Fund etc. I communicated through Instagram and Facebook and they offered me commission @3% of transactions and finally I came in contact with a Chinese person, who was asking for USDT. I arranged 1 lakh rupees and purchased the USDT and sent the same to him. I came in his contact and 2-3 transactions were done with him. USDT was sent by me through my Binance Wallet. Meanwhile one contact on BATRICE Telegram Group asked me to provide a bank account and he will run the account for 3% commission but I have to come Nepal with account holder. I refused but Gurdeep and Shubham Garg asked to go. I sold my I-phone and we Gurdeep, Shubham Garg @ Rahul, Pawan Garg, Chauhan went to Nepal in Sept 2024 through Ertiga of Gurdeep. We stayed in hotel named in Chinese name. During this period, he asked me to provide bank account on commission basis, which was agreed @ 3% of the transactions and I provided the bank account of Rahul (Bank of Baroda) and I got 0.25% out of 3% for this account. Said account was arranged through on Shubham Garg, known to Gurdeep through Pawan Garg. Shubham Garg also got opened bank accounts of Rahul in other banks and he was caught at Aligarh Cyber.During our stay in Nepal, I met one Dilip there, who was also stayed in another hotel in front of ours and we came in contact with each other. Dilip was from Ahmednagar; Maharashtra and he came there to run his own account. Some other4-5 peoples were also with him. We exchanged our contact numbers and met several times during lunch/dinner. Dilip told me that Chinese peoples have betrayed him and asked for help.  Meanwhile my old contact Chinese to whom I sold USDT was also in my touch and he also came to Nepal. His name is “Wangye” and 2 more Chinese, Lei and one more was also with him. Wangye called me at Thamel on a location and I along with Gurdeep, Dilip etc. reached at the location to meet him in Nepal. He asked to shift the hotel. He (WangyeChinese arranged our stay in Vienna Inn hotel. Dalip was with 2 more account holders and they went back. Only Dalip stayed with us. He called his friend Bharat Vithal Lande, whose account details were already with Dalip. Said account was checked by the Chinese peoples and on their instructions, Dalip Called Bharat Vithal Lande at Nepal by Air flight. Flight Ticket of Bharat Lande was booked by Chinese peoples. Next day Bharat Vithal Lande arrived at Kathmandu Airport and he came to us. He was stayed in Vienna Hotel for 3-4 days during this period I took him to another hotel where Chinese people namely Wangye, Lei and one more were staying. Services of Gurdeep Taxi were used for pick up/ drop local. Wangye team was having Laptops, Mobiles and some device. Bank account of Bharat Vithal Lande was used for transactions. Next day Bharat Lande told me that Dalip had asked him to pay 3%, which was not true. I told him that Dalip lied you. He started crying and, on his request, to go back, I booked his return ticket from my friend’s Simran Credit Card. Bharat Vithal Lande was dropped at Kathmandu Airport by Gurdeep in his Taxi. I also came in contact with Dubai based peoples through Telegram account dounai12345 Boss +54 113127 6222. They send two persons Suraj and Ishwor from Nepal for operating of accounts. Telegram IFD of Ishwor is @anonymousforuniverse +977 9768797661. They came to me around 10 days back on behalf of company and I stayed at Patel Nagar in a hotel and they shifted to Noida and stayed in Sec. 70. Suraj and Ishwor came to run the accounts after verification of holder and with their devices. They purchased a mobile through Kuldeep. During this period, they run accounts of 3 accounts while staying in hotel. Account holders are of Axis bank, IndusInd and Yes Bank account holders. My responsibility was to arrange stay of account holders. I have arranged around 30 banks account till now on commission basis. I can explain the data contained in my mobile phone. I have two mobile phones. I can also point out the hotels used for stay of account holders in Sec. 70 and Sec. 117 in Noida. I can also point out the hotels used for stay in Nepal through google. I can also try to 
communicate and chat with Chinese peoples and will try to locate them by communicating with them.”
He was found involved in the present case and his custody was deemed essential for proper investigation and other reasons mentioned in ground of arrest. Accordingly Ground of arrest was served upon him and a copy was given to him. He was also explained about the ground of arrest. 
Accused Bishnu Shrestha mentioned above was arrested as per procedure after following due process of law in compliance of all legal requirements and in compliance of Judgements passed by Hon’ble Apex Court. Arrest Memo was prepared and he was arrested at 11 AM after finding reasonable ground and sufficient evidence against him. He was having two mobile phones and 2 SIMs, which were seized through seizure memo in the presence of witnesses. Intimation of arrest was given to his both wives. His personal search was also conducted. He was having 2 mobile phones and 2 SIMs, which were seized through seizure memo separately. Both the SIMS were seized in a match box after sealing with the seal of NM in the presence of witnesses HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh. 
After detailed interrogation his disclosure statement was also recorded. He was allowed to meet his wife Roshni Munda @sona, who also reached to IFSO office meanwhile to meet him.Accused was taken to IG Hospital Dwarka for medical examination and was got medically examined vide MLR No. m18001762511554. Meanwhile accused was also examined by senior officers and his PC was deemed essential in the interest of investigation and as per instructions of senior officers, application for 7 days PC was prepared and discussed with senior officers.Thereafter accused was produced before the Hon’ble court of Duty JMFC Ms. Shivangi Vyas and application for seeking 7 days PC remand was moved. Insp Naresh Malik also reached court and all the facts were apprised before the Hon’ble court. Accused was formally questioned by the Hon’ble court and after hearing Hon’ble court was pleased to grant 7 days PC Remand of accused Bishnu Shrestha till 08.07.25.
Thereafter I along with accused Bishnu in the custody of HC Ram Prakash arrived back to IFSO office. Accused was provided proper food and all other basic human needs. 
Today Notices u/s 179 BNSS were served upon to join investigation to Nadeem Ahmad, Abhinav Singh, Anand Kumar Yadav, Kuldeep, Ishwar Pariyar, Amir, who also remained present in the day time but they could not be examined thoroughly due to paucity of time. All the facts were brought to the notice of senior officers. They need to be confronted with accused Bishnu and hence fresh notice to join the investigation tomorrow on 02.07.25 have been served upon them and they all were allowed to leave investigation with the direction not to leak the information enabling other person to abscond. 
Thereafter HC Ram Prakash was joined investigation and his statement u/s 180 BNSS was recorded, which is reproduced as follows, “ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Head Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं01.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, मुकदमामेInterrogate कियाऔरमुकदमाहजामेगिरफ्तारकिया।।Accused Bishnu Shrestha काdisclosure statement record कियागया।मैनेArrest Memo, Personal SearchMemo, व Disclosure statement परबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।”
Thereafter Ct Dinesh Rathee was joined investigation and his statement u/s 180 BNSS was recorded, which is reproduced as follows ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं01.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, मुकदमामेInterrogate कियाऔरमुकदमाहजामेगिरफ्तारकिया।।Accused Bishnu Shrestha काdisclosure statement record कियागया।मैनेArrest Memo, Personal SearchMemo, व Disclosure statement परबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।”
Thereafter accused was lodged in the lock up at IFSO office after proper checking through lockup santry on duty.All the facts brought to the notice of senior officers. Further investigation is pending, which is continued.
Report CD is submitted please
Sub Insp. Vishv 
IFSO/ Spl Cell 
01.07.25
Case FIR No. 538/24 dt. 27.11.2024 U/s 318/319/61(2) BNS PS Special Cell
Supplementary statement of HC Ram Prakash No. 786/SPC, PIS 28121545, IFSO, Special Cell, New Delhi. u/s 180 BNSS
ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Head Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं01.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, मुकदमामेInterrogate कियाऔरमुकदमाहजामेगिरफ्तारकिया।।Accused Bishnu Shrestha काdisclosure statement record कियागया।मैनेArrest Memo, Personal SearchMemo, व Disclosure statement परबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।जांचकेदौरानजब्तीमेमोकेमाध्यमसेआरोपिके 2 मोबाइलफोनऔर 2 सिमभीजब्तकिएगए, जिसपरमैंनेCt दिनेशकेसाथगवाहकेरूपमेंहस्ताक्षरकिए।आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।”
S.I. Vishv 
IFSO, Special Cell
01.07.25
Case FIR No. 538/24 dt. 27.11.2024 U/s 318/319/61(2) BNS PS Special Cell
Supplementary statement of Ct Dinesh No. 1602/SPC, PIS 28182146, IFSO, Special Cell, New Delhi. u/s 180 BNSS
ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं01.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, मुकदमामेInterrogate कियाऔरमुकदमाहजामेगिरफ्तारकिया।।Accused Bishnu Shrestha काdisclosure statement record कियागया।मैनेArrest Memo, Personal SearchMemo, व Disclosure statement परबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।जांचकेदौरानजब्तीमेमोकेमाध्यमसेआरोपिके 2 मोबाइलफोनऔर 2 सिमभीजब्तकिएगए, जिसपरमैंने HC Ram Prakash केसाथगवाहकेरूपमेंहस्ताक्षरकिए। आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।”
SI Vishv 
IFSO, Special Cell
01.07.25