CD No. 84 dated 19.04.25
Draft of Supplementary Charge Sheet prepared, 
Statement of Bunty CA on telephone 8285562315, Reply of Bail applications filed by Anuj Sharma, Ankit and Surabh Singh Bertwal prepared NDOH 21.04.25.  
Sir,              
In continuation of the previous CD No. 82 written by me, it is further submitted that today I contacted Bunty CA on his telephone 825562315, whose name was disclosed by accused Saurabh Singh Bertwal as the key person, who created/ arranged company Dayashankar Trading Pvt Ltd. He was asked to joininvestigation and he came to IFSO office to join the investigation. Sonu Sharma joined investigation and he was interrogated at length after discussing the factsof case. During his interrogation he disclosed material information and also informed that he can produce his WhatsApp chats and other data to which he was allowed to take printouts from the office computer. After taking printouts of related documetns and Extracts of WhatsApp Chats with Saurabh Bertwal and Padam Chand, all the documents were signed by him and paginated from page No. 1 to 100, which were seized through seizure memo. After detailed interrogation, statement of Sonu Sharma @ Bunty @ Prashant Sharma S/o Sh. Krishan Dutt Sharma R/o Vill & Post Gazipur, Teh and P.S. Sikandrabad, Distt Bulandsahahr UP 203205, Mobile No. 82855623125 Email ID ss.196919@gmail.comwas recorded u/s 180 BNSS, which is reproduced as follows, ““Stated that I am residing at above address with my family and doing my CA from Institute of Chartered accountants of India ITO Delhi. My family members also calls me as Prashant and Bunty is my name saved on true caller. I was doing my article-ship with AAP Ka Tax at Kaweri Apartments Kaushambi Ghaziabad UP during 2022-2023. During Nov. 2022, one person met me in that CA firm and I was attending that customer under AAP KA TAX Firm. He was from Bhilwara Rajasthan. He asked me to arrange 20/30 companies and also asked to arrange some old companies, which are already created and can be acquired by changing the Directorship.  His mobile no. was 9784741711 and he introduced himself as Gopal. I saved his number in the name Gopal Mumbai as he discussed with me that he is working from Mumbai. He told me that he is doing import/ export work and he also got new registration with DGFT for IEC (Import/ Export Certificate). I created 3 companies for him namely (1) Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd., (2) Radiance Infotech Pvt. Ltd. and (3) Penny Grow Technologies Pvt. Ltd. I left working from AAP KA TAX in April 2023. He was in touch with me on WhatsApp Calls. 
I opened my office in the name of Krishna Associates at Shop No. 6, 2nd Floor, Delta 1 City Center, Greater Noida UP in June 2023. Mr. Gopal contacted me several times on my phone and asked me to change the Directors of Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. He also informed me that one Saurabh Bertwal will contact me with details of new Directors for Dayashankar Trading Pvt Ltd and also shared me phone number of Saurabh Bertwal 9540534653, who later on called me on my WhatsApp Call and told me that Sunil Ji had given me your number and he shared KYC documents of Anuj Sharma and Ankit to change the Directorship of the company Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. in their names. I told Saurabh that he is Mr. Gopal and not Sunil Ji then 
Saurabh told me that his name is Sunil Ji. I do not know Anuj Sharma and Ankit and never met them in person but all the documentation including filing of GST return of Dayashankar Trading Pvt Ltd was done my me on the instance of Sunil ji @ Gopal. I met Gopal @ Sunil and can identify him. Today I have been shown the photograph of one Padam Chand Chordia and told that this is the person who has been arrested by you in FIR No. 538/24 P.S. Special Cell and was asked to identify him. After seeing the photograph, I confirm that he is the same person, who met me while my working with AAT Ka TAX and DayaShankar Trading Pvt Ltd was created on his instructions initially. He introduced himself as Gopal and he was named as Sunil ji by Saurabh. Today I came to know about his real name as Padam Chand Chordia. I have signed his photograph today in IFSO office as a token of my acknowledgment that he is the same person, who firstly got incorporate Dayashankar trading Pvt Ltd and earlier named as Gopal and Sunil Ji. I also endorsed my remarks on the printout of his photograph voluntarily as true facts to the best of my knowledge. Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil Ji and Saurabh Bertwal had transferred me my professional fees through Phonepay and I will produce the details of transactions related to Saurabh Bertwal and Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil after going through my transactions and records. Today I took the printouts of company information related to Penny Grow Technologies Pvt Ltd., Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. and radiance Infotech Private Limited from the website of MCA and confirm that these are the companies, which I incorporated on the instance of Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil. I also took Printouts of my WhatsApp Chat extracts and other documents available on my WhatsApp account with regard to my communication with Dadam Chand whose number has been saved as Gopal Mumbai and Saurabh Singh Bertwal whose name has been saved as Ssb. I have signed all the documents / printouts taken from the site & WhatsApp chats as a
token of my acknowledgement for doing so. I also have WhatsApp Chats with Saurabh and Padam Chand Chordia @ Gopal @ Sunil and will produce the same after retrieving from my WhatsApp account. All the above documents have been paginated from Page No. 1 to 100 and signed by me with dated signature of mine. Today I joined the investigation and disclosed above facts truly. My statement has been recorded on my dictation and read over to me, which has been recorded correctly”. He was permitted to leave investigation with the direction to provide payment details. 
It is further submitted that HC Ram Prakash, who witnessed the seizure memo of documents produced by witness Sonu Sharma was also examined and his supplementary statement u/s 180 BNSS was recorded, which is as follows, “ब्यान किया किआजमैंआपकेसाथआईएफएसओकार्यालयमेंउपस्थितथा। आजमेरीमौजूदगीमेंगवाहसोनूशर्मासेपूछताछकीगई। अपनीपूछताछकेदौरानउसनेअपनेव्हाट्सएपचैटआदिकेप्रिंटआउटपेश किये, जिन्हेंआपकेद्वाराजब्तीज्ञापनकेमाध्यमसेजब्तकियागयाथाजिस परमैंनेगवाहसोनूशर्माद्वाराहस्ताक्षरकरनेकेबादगवाहकेरूपमेंअपनेहस्ताक्षरकिए । मेराबयानरिकॉर्डकियागयाऔरमुझेपढ़करसुनायागया, जिसेसहीढंगसेदर्जकियागयाहै।“ 
It is further submitted that accused Anuj Sharma, Ankit and Saurabh are in JC since 06.03.25 and 60 days period is expiring on 04.05.25. Hence Suppelementary Charge Sheet has been drafted and the same is being discussed/ scrutinized with ACP Sir before its filing in court. Further investigation is pending, which is continued. 
Report CD is submitted please
Insp. Naresh Malik 
IFSO, Special Cell
19.04.2025 
Case FIR No. 538/24 u/s 318/319/61(2) BNS P.S. Spl Cell
Statement of Sonu Sharma @ Bunty @ Prashant Sharma S/o Sh. Krishan Dutt Sharma R/o Vill & Post Gazipur, Teh and P.S. Sikandrabad, Distt Bulandsahahr UP 203205, Mobile No. 8285562315 Email ID ss.196919@gmail.comu/s 180 BNSS
Stated that I am residing at above address with my family and doing my CA from Institute of Chartered accountants of India ITO Delhi. My family members also calls me as Prashant and Bunty is my name saved on true caller. I was doing my article-ship with AAP Ka Tax at Kaweri Apartments Kaushambi Ghaziabad UP during 2022-2023. During Nov. 2022, one person met me in that CA firm and I was attending that customer under AAP KA TAX Firm. He was from Bhilwara Rajasthan. He asked me to arrange 20/30 companies and also asked to arrange some old companies, which are already created and can be acquired by changing the Directorship. His mobile no. was 9784741711 and he introduced himself as Gopal. I saved his number in the name Gopal Mumbai as he discussed with me that he is working from Mumbai. He told me that he is doing import/ export work and he also got new registration with DGFT for IEC (Import/ Export Certificate). I created 3 companies for him namely (1) Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd., (2) Radiance Infotech Pvt. Ltd. and (3) PennyGrow Technologies Pvt. Ltd. I left working from AAP KA TAX in April 2023. He was in touch with me on WhatsApp Calls. 
I opened my office in the name of Krishna Associates at Shop No. 6, 2nd Floor, Delta 1 City Center, Greater Noida UP in June 2023. Mr. Gopal contacted me several times on my phone and asked me to change the Directors of Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. He also informed me that one Saurabh Bertwalwill contact me with details of new Directors for Dayashankar Trading Pvt Ltd and also shared me phone number of SaurabhBertwal 9540534653, who later on called me on my WhatsApp Call and told me that Sunil Ji had given me your number and he shared KYC documents of Anuj Sharma and Ankit to change the Directorship of the company Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. in their names. I told Saurabh that he is Mr. Gopal and not Sunil Ji then Saurabh told me that his name is Sunil Ji. I do not know Anuj Sharma and Ankit and never met them in person but all the documentation including filing of GST return of Dayashankar Trading Pvt Ltd was done my me on the instance of Sunil ji @Gopal. I met Gopal@ Sunil and can identify him. Today I have been shown the photograph of one Padam Chand Chordia and told that this is the person who has been arrested by you in FIR No. 538/24 P.S. Special Cell and was asked to identify him. After seeing the photograph, I confirm that he is the same person, who met me while my working with AAT Ka TAX and DayaShankar Trading Pvt Ltd was created on his instructions initially. He introduced himself as Gopal and he was named as Sunil ji by Saurabh. Today I came to know about his real name as Padam Chand Chordia. I have signed his photograph today in IFSO office as a token of my acknowledgment that he is the same person, who firstly got incorporate Dayashankar trading Pvt Ltd and earlier named as Gopal and Sunil Ji. I also endorsed my remarks on the printout of his photograph voluntarily as true facts to the best of my knowledge. Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil Ji and Saurabh Bertwal had transferred me my professional fees through Phonepay and I will produce the details of transactions related to Saurabh Bertwal and Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil after going through my transactions and records. Today I took the printouts of company information related to Penny Grow Technologies Pvt Ltd., Dayashankar Trading Pvt. Ltd. and radiance Infotech Private Limited from the website of MCA and confirm that these are the companies, which I incorporated on the instance of Padam Chand @ Gopal @ Sunil. I also took Printouts of my WhatsApp Chat extracts and other documents available on my WhatsApp account with regard to my communication with Dadam Chand whose number has been saved as Gopal Mumbai and Saurabh Singh Bertwal whose name has been saved as Ssb. I have signed all the documents / printouts taken from the site & WhatsApp chats as a token of my acknowledgement for doing so. I also have WhatsApp Chats with Saurabh and Padam Chand Chordia @ Gopal @ Sunil and will produce the same after retrieving from my WhatsApp account. All the above documents have been paginated from Page No. 1 to 100 and signed by me with dated signature of mine. Today I joined the investigation and disclosed above facts truly. My statement has been recorded on my dictation and read over to me, which has been recorded correctly.  
Insp. Naresh Malik
IFSO/ Spl Cell
19.04.25
Case FIR No. 538/24 u/s 318/319/61(2) BNS P.S. Spl Cell
Supplementary statement of HC Ram Prakash No. 786/SPC IFSO SPECIAL Cell u/s 180 BNSS 
ब्यान किया किआजमैंआपकेसाथआईएफएसओकार्यालयमेंउपस्थितथा। आजमेरीमौजूदगीमेंगवाहसोनूशर्मासेपूछताछकीगई। अपनीपूछताछकेदौरानउसनेअपनेव्हाट्सएपचैटआदिकेप्रिंटआउटपेश किये, जिन्हेंआपकेद्वाराजब्तीज्ञापनकेमाध्यमसेजब्तकियागयाथाजिस परमैंनेगवाहसोनूशर्माद्वाराहस्ताक्षरकरनेकेबादगवाहकेरूपमेंअपनेहस्ताक्षरकिए । मेराबयानरिकॉर्डकियागयाऔरमुझेपढ़करसुनायागया, जिसेसहीढंगसेदर्जकियागयाहै।  
Insp. Naresh Malik
IFSO/ Spl Cell
19.04.25        
Case FIR No. 538/24 u/s 318/319/61(2) BNS P.S. Spl. Cell
Seizure Memo documents Printout 
In the presence of following witnesses Sonu Sharma @ Bunty @ Prashant Sharma S/o Sh. Krishan Dutt Sharma R/o Vill & Post Gazipur, Teh and P.S. Sikandrabad, Distt Bulandsahahr UP produced the printouts from his WhatsApp account 8285562315 with Padam Chand @ Sunil @ Gopal and Saurabh Bertwal, which were taken by him today and signed all the pages and paginated from Page No. 1 to100
Printouts of WhatsApp Extract and docs. with Padam Chand whose name has been saved as Gopal Mumbai from Page No. 1 to 7 
Printouts of WhatsApp Extract and docs/Pdf/Images etcwith Saurabh Singh Bertwal whose name has been saved as Ssb from Page No. 8 to 96
Printouts of Ministry of Corporate Affairs company information of Penny Grow technologies Private Limited, Dayashankar Trading Private Limited and Radiance Infotech Private Limited from page No. 97 to 99
Photograph of Padam Chand Chordia, identified by Sonu Sharma after his endorsement for identification Page No. 100 
All the above documents have been signed by Sonu Sharma and paginated from page No. 1 to100 and taken in possession through this seizure memo, which is complete,
Witness
HC Ram Prakash No. 786/SPCInsp. Naresh Malik
IFSO / Spl. Cell IFSO/Spl. Cell
19.04.25
+91 98104 26145 Ayushi