CD No. 11 dated 09.12.24
All 3 accused produced in Court, 5 days P/C remand obtained and interrogated in detail. 
Sir,
      In continuation of CD No.10 written by SI Hemant it is further submitted that today SI Hemant मय Staff मय Accused 1. PumbhadiyaShaivin Girdhar Bhai S/o Girdhar Bhai Daya PumbhadiyaR/o H.No. A-44, Avdhut Nagar Society, Near– Dhanmoda, Surat Gujrat 2. Prteek Rawal S/o Arvind Bhai R/o H.No.22, Ratna Malo Apartment, Ambika Nagar, katargram Surat Gujrat 3. Akash Haridas Katare S/o Haridas KatareR/o H.No 29/11, Satyam Flat opp– Mohan Ngar Bapu dhamnagar, Ahmadabad, Gujrat, मुकदमा की तफ्तीश से Out Station Surat (Gujrat) से हाजिरDelhi आयेजिनको मन Insp. ने तीनो मुलजिमो का Medical Examination कराके Patiala House Court मे पहुचँने का निर्देश दियाथा। मन Insp.Patiala House Court पहुचाँ जहाँ पर SI Hemant साहब ने मुकदमा मे गिरफ्तार उपरोक्त तीनो मुलजिमwith case File / document मन Insp.को पेश किये।जो उपरोक्त तीनो मुलजिमTransit Remand पर है।
       इसके बाद मन Insp. ने Accused 1. PumbhadiyaShaivin Girdhar Bhai 2. Prteek Rawal 3. Akash Haridas Katare, को Hon’ble Court ofSh.Anuj Kumar Singh CJM Patiala House Court मे पेश किया और एक Application, Request for 7 days P/C remand पेश करते हुए तमाम हालात मुकदमा बतलाये जिस पर CJM साहब ने तीनो मुलजिमो का 5 days P/C remand (dt.14.12.2024 till 4.00PM)के आदेश किये। 
इसके बाद मन Insp. मय Staff मय P/C remand Accused 1. PumbhadiyaShaivin Girdhar Bhai 2. Prteek Rawal 3. Akash Haridas Katareहाजिर IFSO/ Special Cell आया।दौराने तफ्तीश Accused PumbhadiyaShaivin Girdhar Bhaiको interrogate किया जिसनेinterrogation पर बतलाया कि,-“I completed my BBA from SarvpalliRadhakrishan University Bhopal MP in 2021. Thereafter I started working in the business of Diamond Polish (Sarin Machine). My business cold not run and I suffered loss. Thereafter I joined my friend Jemesh, who is working in event management wedding etc. During this period in April 2024 my school friend Pratik Rawal met me and discussed my financial problems. I was in need of money to return loans. Pratik Rawal told me to open current account and I will be paid Rs. 12000/- for current account. I agreed to his proposal and opened bank account in Central Bank Sahara Darwaja branch in the name of GSB Enterprises. The name was chosen by me in the name of GirdharbhaiShaivinBhavnaban (my father, myself and mother names). For this account I used the address of my home. I purchased separate SIM card in my name and created Email ID for opening of bank account. Account KIT was received by me through courier at my home, which includes Cheque Book, ATM, PIN etc. I handed over complete account kit and SIM to Pratik Rawal by hand. Prateek also got opened other accounts current & savings in other banks and got opened total 9 accounts in HDFC Bank, Central bank, Union Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank Canara Bank, IDFC Bank etc and handed over kits/SIMs of all the accounts to Pratik
Rawal and received Rs. 12000/- per account in cash, which was paid by Prateek within 2 days. Pratik told me that the Bank account is handed over to some CA. Pratik asked me to get internet banking activated. After receipt of Account opening Kit, I visited the bank and got the internet banking activated. I also shared user ID /customer ID and Password with Pratik Rawal after writing the same on a paper, which was handed over to him at the time of handing over account Kit. SIM were purchased from different store at my own by using my Aadhar Card. Most of the SIMs pertains to Vi and Airtel company. Once, Pratik Rawal met me with one person who was introduced as Bhawik at Gajera Circle in Surat and he handed over the Account Kit and SIM to him in my presence.  I committed the wrong in greed of money. Bank account of GSB Enterprises Enterprise bearing a/c # 018521010000317 in Union Bank of India Surat Branch was opened in similar and account kit/SIM, User ID/Password for net banking was handed over to Pratik Rawal. I used Email IDs shaivinpumbhadiya1@gmail.com, shaivinpumbhadiya@gmail.com and  shaivinpumbhadiya67@gmail.com and one more which I do not remember as of now. I was receiving Emails from banks related to transactions but nothing was discussed with Pratik in this regard. I can open the Email and related data can be retrieved from my Emails. My Aadhar Number is 2272 9283 3137, which was used for obtaining SIMs and opening of Bank accounts. I don’t not remember user IDs and Passwords of my bank accounts as of now. My above statement is recorded on my dictation and disclosing the true facts.”
         इसके बाद Accused Pratik Rawal को interrogate किया, जिसनेinterrogation पर बतलाया कि,-“I studied upto 11th class and PumbhadiyaShaivinbhaiGirdharbhai S/o Sh. GirdharbhaiDayabhaiPumbhadiyaR/o A/44, Avadhut NagarSociety, Katargam, SurtGujrat was my schoolmate and is my good friend since schooling.During April 2024,he met me and told that he is in need of money and is suffering from financial loss. He has to return loan money to some peoples, who are pressurising him. I told him that one of my friends is working in
bank accounts, who need bank accounts. He will use the bank account for some Ca and will pay Rs. 16,000/- for each bank account out of which I will keep Rs. 4000/- per account as my share.Heagreed to this proposal and I informed Bhavik Srivastav S/o Pradipbahi R/o Bhulabhai Desai Park Surat, who told me in January 2024 that he has good opportunity to earn money. He needs Bank accounts, which will be used by some CA. for this purpose, he will pay money and asked me to arrange any person for opening of bank accounts. On informing Bhavik, he asked me to got open current account. Bhavik told me to get Udhyam Aadhar card and on the basis of which current account up o the limit of Rs. 1 Crore can be opened. Bhavik asked me to take Aadhar and PAN of Shaivin for whom current account was to be opened. I shared photo of Aadhar and PAN of Shaivin to Bhavik through WhatsApp on 8153969600, which was saved in the name of Bob on his instruction in my mobile phone. He told me that he will apply for Udhyam CARD and OTP will come. I accordingly inform Shaivin and we shared the OTP with Bhavik. Thereafter Bhavik send Udhyam Card in pdf format on WhatsApp and I forwarded the same to Shaivin. Shaivin was already having GST registration since 2022 but the same was not asked by Bhavik. Bhaivik also asked to get new SIM and same was purchased by Shaivin. Thereafter, we both visited bank to open the bank account. Bhavik also told me to inform bank officials that the current account is being opened for personal business online selling/ trading. Thereafter, current account of Shaivin was got opened in the name of GSB Enterprises. After receiving account opening KIT, the same along with SIM was given to me by Shaivin and I handed over the same to Bhavik. He asked me to come next day to collect the payment and paid me Rs. 16000/- in cash next day and I paid Rs. 12,000/- to Shaivin in cash after keeping my Share of Rs, 4000/- Thereafter, I got opened 8/9 bank accounts of Shaivin in greed of easy money and handed over Kits/SIMs to Bhavik for Rs. 16,000/- for each account. 
In addition to this, Bhavik sometimes send 6-7 persons to me for opening of their bank accounts. I accompanied them to banks and got opened their bank accounts. To my memories I got opened bank accounts in the name of Gopal Tailor in Bank of Maharashtra. I also accompanied to open a saving account for one Rameshbhai, who was send by Bhavik. I also filled some forms for opening of bank accounts for which Bhavik paid me Rs. 1500/- to Rs. 2000 per account. To my memories around 15 bank accounts were got opened by Bhavik by using my services. Gopal Tailor account holder is resident of causway Surat but I don’t 
not know his complete address and do not know his house.  Bhavik met in 2021 when I was working in Amazon pay and he was my team leader in Amazon Pay. 
इसके बाद Accused Akash Haridas Katareको interrogate किया जिसनेinterrogation पर बतलाया कि,-“I completed my studies in Diploma in Automobile from LJ Polytechnic Sanand Ahmedabad in 2013. Thereafter I started working with Innovative Honda as accident Manager. Thereafter I joined MRF Limited as field service Engineer and thereafter I joined Madhus Garage Equipment. Thereafter I started my own business in 2021 in the name of Katare Wheel Alignment and Service in Ahmedabad. I took loan of Rs. 4.5 Lak Loan for online business with Viraj. We purchased website on Alibaba for online trading business but this could not work as the website was closed due to covid. In my schooldays I worked as news paper vender and know Viraj since then. Also, when I was doing my ITI in 2008, Viraj was studying in a school and met several times while commuting from Home. He is residing in near my house. I was without jobless at that time and was not able to pay loan instalments. Viraj told me about accounts work. He introduced me with 3 persons by saying that they will use our LLP account of Katare Wheel Alignment in which Viraj and Nitesh Patil are joint account holder. Nitesh was not aware about further use of this account. Viraj told me that the above 3 person will transfer money to our account and I shared complete details of our bank accounts including SIM Card, Customer ID, IFSC Code, Password, limit details etc. ATM was also sent later on. Viraj and me see off them for Udaipur by bus. Thereafter, I was not in touch with them as they were known to Viraj. I enquired Viraj several times and I was receiving Emails about small credits. Later on, receiving of Email was stopped and it might have been stopped through internet banking by Viraj or persons to whom account detail was shared. The credentials of bank accounts were shared on the agreement of 2% commission of total transactions. I received Rs. 20,000/- by bank transfer from Viraj Axis bank account. I used to take follow up but Viraj did
not paid more money to me thereafter. I have shared credentials of only one account and he also asked me to get open more bank accounts but I ignored him.
All the facts were discussed with senior officers and accused were lodged in the lockup after providing food and other basic needs. Further interrogation and investigation will be conducted tomorrow.
CD is submitted please
Insp. Naresh Malik
IFSO/Special Cell
  09.12.2024