.CD No. 17 dated 17.12.24
Sir,
In continuation of previous CD No.16 written by me it is further submitted that Nilesh Patil S/o Sh. Prabhakar Bhai R/o H.No.620/3969 Gujrat Housing Board  Bapu Nagar, Ahmadabad,Age-27 years (account partner of Katare Wheel Alignment Services LLP) को मुकदमा मे investigation join करने के लियेदिनांक 12.12.2024 को Notice U/S 35(3) BNSSreceived कराया गया था जो आज मुकदमा मे investigation join करने के लिये Nilesh Patil S/o Sh. Prabhakar Bhai पता उपरोक्त हाजिर IFSO/ Special Cell, Office आये।मनInsp. नेNilesh Patil S/o Sh. Prabhakar Bhai पता उपरोक्त को हालात मुकदमा हजा बतलाकर पुछताछ की और ब्यान U/s 180 BNSS लिखा गया जो ब्यान इस प्रकार है, “Stated that I am residing at above address with my family and completed my Diploma in Electrical engineering from Ahmadabad in the year 2018. I know Viraj since my schooling. Around 3 years back, Akash Katare, the friend of Viraj planned to constitute a LLP company to start the business of Wheel alignment. So, we all three formed a company in the name of Katare Wheel Alignment Services LLP, in which I was one of a partner. Bank account of this company was opened in ICICI Bank and we all three submitted our IDs in bank and opened the account. We could not find a suitable place to start the working and no actual business was done. Thereafter, I left them and started working as a services engineer in laser machine (manufacturing and service) with a company Lastronics Technology Private Limited Plot No. A-17, Devbhumi Industrial Estate near Nandanvan estate Vill. BakrolBujrang Taluka Daskroi Distt Ahmedabad 382430 Gujrat. I have no contact with Akash for the last more than 2 years and 6 months and meets Viraj occasionally. I have not used this account and have no knowledge about the use of this account. Mobile Number and Email ID for this account pertains to Akash Katare and I never used this account for any purpose. The SIM Number associated with account never remained with me. Today my statement has been recorded and read over to me, which is recorded correctly.
All the facts were discussed with senior officers. Further investigation is still continued. 
Report CD is submitted Please.
Insp. Naresh Malik
IFSO/Special Cell, 
dt. 17.12.2024
FIR No. 538/24 dated 27.11.24 u/s 318/319/61(2) BNS P.S. Special Cell 
Statement of Nilesh Patil S/o Sh. Prabhakar Bhai R/o H. No. 620/3969 Gujrat Housing Board Bapu Nagar Ahmadabad 380024 Age 27 years (DOB 29.06.1996) Mob. 8160900008, Email ID np78687@gmail.com  u/s 180 BNSS
Stated that I am residing at above address with my family and completed my Diploma in Electrical engineering from Ahmadabad in the year 2018. I know Viraj since my schooling. Around 3 years back, Akash Katare, the friend of Viraj planned to constitute a LLP company to start the business of Wheel alignment. So, we all three formed a company in the name of Katare Wheel Alignment Services LLP, in which I was one of a partner. Bank account of this company was opened in ICICI Bank and we all three submitted our IDs in bank and opened the account. We could not find a suitable place to start the working and no actual business was done. Thereafter, I left them and started working as a services engineer in laser machine (manufacturing and service) with a company Lastronics Technology Private Limited Plot No. A-17, Devbhumi Industrial Estate near Nandanvan estate Vill. BakrolBujrang Taluka Daskroi Distt Ahmedabad 382430 Gujrat. I have no contact with Akash for the last more than 2 years and 6 months and meets Viraj occasionally. I have not used this account and have no knowledge about the use of this account. Mobile Number and Email ID for this account pertains to Akash Katare and I never used this account for any purpose. The SIM Number associated with account never remained with me. All material related to kit of this bank account was with Akash Katare and he never informed me any activity about this account. Although I was one of the account holders in this account but this account was used only by Akash and Viraj since beginning. Today my statement has been recorded and read over to me, which is recorded correctly.
Insp. Naresh Malik 
IFSO/ Spl. Cell
17.12.24 