CD No. 105 dated 05.07.25
Reached at Maharaj Ganj, Sanauli Border for out station investigation
Efforts to identify co-accused, Source deployed 
Medical Examination of accused 
Sir, 
In continuation of previous CD written by SI Vishv it is further submitted thattoday I along with SI Vishv, ASI Dharmendra, HC Ram Prakash, HC Abishek and accused Bishnu in govt vehicle no. DL1CAG 9326 reached at Maharajgang Distt UP near Sanoli Border Nepal after taking permission from senior officers. After reaching there, accused was got medically got examined at Govt Hospital. Thereafter stay of staff and accused arranged at Hotel Indo Nepal Hotel. Senior officers were apprised about the progress in investigation and live communication of accused Bishnu with Chinese national involved in crime.  
Accused was in continuous touch with co-accused coming from Malaysia through Hong Kong. They are entering Nepal at Kathmandu and thereafter reached at Siddhartha Nagar near Bhairahawa Border in Nepal. They shared the details of their stay at Bhairahwa Garden Resort at Room No. 2006 andtwo more rooms as informed by them while video calls. He was allowed to use his mobile for communication on telegram and not to delete any data. SI Vishv was directed to ensure safety of accused and data.No progressive information could be gathered till evening and the co-accused even after freely communication did not agree to come in India territory.   
Meanwhile I found a Secret source, who was also having some information related to this syndicate and also assured to provide detailed information about their entry to India. He was deputed to provide intel about the entry of Chinese in Indian territory and senior officers were apprised in this regard. No progressive information could be received despite waiting till late night and as discussed with senior officers, we stayed at Sanoli for further efforts. Accused was provided with foods and other basic needs. All the staff was directed not to leave the place of stay and particularly not to enter in Nepal jurisdiction even in no men’s land.Efforts are continued to identify and trace the co-accused. Accused Bishnu was kept in the custody of HC Ram Prakash and HC Abshik Malhan under the supervision of Si Vishv. All the facts were brought to the notice of senior officers. Further investigation and interrogation of accused is continued. 
Report CD is submitted
Insp. Naresh Malik
IFSO/ Spl Cell
05.07.25