CD No. 108 dated 08.07.25
Prepared Panchama for seized mobile phones of accused Bishnu prepared and mobile phones deposited in Malkhana, Medical Examination of accused, Permission for Confrontation of accused Bharat Lande and Accuse Bishnu sought from court and confrontation cum disclosure recorded. Both accused sent to JC till 22.07.25, Statement u/s 180 BNSS recorded 
Sir, 
In continuation of previous CD No. 107 written by me it is further submitted that today accused Bishnu was taken out from the lock up of IFSO and was kept in the custody of HC Ram Prakash. After being discharged from daily activities, hisinterrogation was carried out. During investigation, accused Bishnu was permitted to access his mobile phones and the same were kept open. Ct Dinesh was also joined investigation. in the presence of accused Bishnu and witnesses HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh both the 02 mobile phones seized through seizure memo dated 01.07.25 in the case were kept in plastic boxes separately and pullanda was made
by doctor tape and the same were sealed with the seal of NM through Panchnama, which was prepared separately and duly got singed by accused Bishnu and HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh. 
After this, after feeding the food of the accused, the accused was sent to Indra Gandhi Hospital Dwarka for medical examination in the custody of HC Ram Prakash and he was got medically examined vide MLR No. M18001762512589 at around 12 noon. Thereafter, I along with accused and staff reached at dossier cell, Lodhi Colony and got prepared the same. Case property was deposited at Malkhana at Lodhi Colony. 
Thereafter I along with accused Bishnu and HC Ram Prakash reached at PHC to produce the accused. Meanwhile Insp Naresh Malik sir also reached at PHC after attending court in other case FIR No. 343/24 and joined us. An application was filed by Insp Naresh Malik before Ld. CJM for seeking permission for interrogation of accused Bharat Vithal Lande and his confrontation with accused Bishnu. Said application was marked to Ld. ACJM02, PHC and accused Bharat Vithal Lande was produced before the court of Sh. Siddhant Sihag Ld. ACJM where permission was granted. 
Thereafter accused Bharat Vithal Lande and accused Bishnu Shrestha were joined investigation and interrogated jointly by Insp Naresh Malik. During interrogation, photographs of the Chinese nationals, who allegedly used the account of accused Bharat Vithal Lande for receiving cheated money of complainant in this case while stationed in Nepal were shown to accused Bharat Vithal Lande on the photocopies of passports of Pochn Zhu Wei, Zhe jiang and Ve Chao (Pochnye Chao), which were identified by accused Bharat Vithal. He also identified the hotels and signed the same in his dated signatures. Their interrogation cum confrontation was recorded separately in the presence of witnesses HC Ram Prakash and myself SI Vishv.  
Thereafter, I moved an application for JC of both the accused Bharat Vithal Lande and Bishnu Shrestha before the court of Sh. Ankit Garg Ld. JMFC and both the accused were sent to JC for 14 days till 22.07.25. Since accused Bharat Vithal Lande was produced from JC he was taken back in JC and accused Bishnu was deposited in the lock up of Patiala House Court in a fit condition. 
Thereafter I along with HC Ram Prakash came back to IFSO office. HC Ram Prakash was joined investigation and was examined. His statement u/s 180 BNSS was recorded, which is reproduced as follows, 
“ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Head Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं 08.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, केदोनोफोनकोउनकीमोजदगीमेसिलकियागयावपंचनामातैयारकियागयाजिसपरबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।।आजआरोपीबिष्णुश्रेष्ठऔरआरोपीभरतविट्ठललांडेकोअदालतमेंपेशकियागया।आरोपीभरतविट्ठललांडेसेअदालतसेअनुमतिलेनेकेबाद Insp Naresh Malik sir  नेपूछताछकी , जिसेन्यायिकहिरासतसेपेशकियागया।उसकाआरोपीबिष्णुसेभीआमना-सामनाकरायागया।पूछताछऔरआमना-सामनाकेदौरान, उन्हेंचीनीलोगोंकीतस्वीरेंदिखाईगईं, जिनकीपासपोर्ट
प्रतियांकेसफाइलपरथींऔरउन्होंनेतस्वीरोंकीपहचानकीऔरपुष्टिकीकिवे 3 मेंसेदोचीनीव्यक्तिहैंजिनकेपासउन्हेंनेपालमेंआरोपीबिष्णुद्वारालेजायागयाथाऔरउनकेखातेकाउपयोगकमीशनकेबदलेपैसेप्राप्तकरनेकेलिएकियागयाथा।उसेहोटलोंकेप्रिंटआउटभीदिखाएगएऔरउसनेउनहोटलोंकीपहचानकीजहांवहचीनीलोगोंसेमिलाथाऔरउसकेबैंकखातेकाइस्तेमालपैसेकेबदलेपैसेलेनेकेलिएकियागयाथा।उन्होंनेअपनेदिनांकितहस्ताक्षरोंमेंदस्तावेजोंपरहस्ताक्षरभीकिए।उनकीपूछताछआपनेऔरमैंनेभीगवाहकेरूपमेंहस्ताक्षरकिए।आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।”इसकेबादउसेफारिगतफ्तिशकियागया।
Thereafter I was directed to complete and hand over the file. Accordingly, Case file handed over to Insp Naresh Malik for further investigation. all the facts brought to the notice of senior officers.  
Report CD is submitted
SI Vishv 
IFSO/ Spl Cell
08.07.25
Case FIR No. 538/24 dt. 27.11.2024 U/s 318/319/61(2) BNS PS Special Cell
Supplementary statement of HC Ram Prakash No. 786/SPC, PIS 28121545, IFSO, Special Cell, New Delhi. u/s 180 BNSS
ब्यानकियाकिमैIFSO/Special Cell, Dwarka Delhi मेबतौर Head Constable तैनातहूँ।आजदिनाकं 08.07.25 कोमुकदमाकीतफ्तीशमेशामिलरहा।जोBishnu Shrestha S/o Late Sh. Om Shrestha R/o House No. 114, 4th Floor, Gali No. 9, West Guru Angad Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, New Delhi-92, Age-45 years, केदोनोफोनकोउनकीमोजदगीमेसिलकियागयावपंचनामातैयारकियागयाजिसपरबतौरगवाहअपनेसाईनकिये।।आजआरोपीबिष्णुश्रेष्ठऔरआरोपीभरतविट्ठललांडेकोअदालतमेंपेशकियागया।आरोपीभरतविट्ठललांडेसेअदालतसेअनुमतिलेनेकेबाद Insp Naresh Malik sir  नेपूछताछकी , जिसेन्यायिकहिरासतसेपेशकियागया।उसकाआरोपीबिष्णुसेभीआमना-सामनाकरायागया।पूछताछऔरआमना-सामनाकेदौरान, उन्हेंचीनीलोगोंकीतस्वीरेंदिखाईगईं, जिनकीपासपोर्टप्रतियांकेसफाइलपरथींऔरउन्होंनेतस्वीरोंकीपहचानकीऔरपुष्टिकीकिवे 3 मेंसेदोचीनीव्यक्तिहैंजिनकेपासउन्हेंनेपालमेंआरोपीबिष्णुद्वारालेजायागयाथाऔरउनकेखातेकाउपयोगकमीशनकेबदलेपैसेप्राप्तकरनेकेलिएकियागयाथा।उसेहोटलोंकेप्रिंटआउटभीदिखाएगएऔरउसनेउनहोटलोंकीपहचानकीजहांवहचीनीलोगोंसेमिलाथाऔरउसकेबैंकखातेकाइस्तेमालपैसेकेबदलेपैसेलेनेकेलिएकियागयाथा।उन्होंनेअपनेदिनांकितहस्ताक्षरोंमेंदस्तावेजोंपरहस्ताक्षरभीकिए।उनकीपूछताछआपनेऔरमैंनेभीगवाहकेरूपमेंहस्ताक्षरकिए।आपनेमेराब्यानलिखाजोमैनेपढलिया, सूनलियाठीकहै।
SI Vishv
IFSO, Special Cell
08.07.25