CD No. 92 dated 15.05.25
Papered Seizure memo of documents produced by complainant, statement recorded u/s 180 BNSS
Sir, 
In continuation of CD No. 91, it is further submitted that today मुकदमा हजा मे complainant of Sh. Arun Kumar Jain के द्वार पेश किये गये 66 पेज के screen short of regarding payment / bank transaction को through seizure memo कब्जा पुलिस लिया गया व उपरोक्त screen short के regarding complainant Sh. Arun Kumar Jain से u/s 63(4) BSA का certificate लिया गया है 
Thereafter I recorded the supplementary statement of Arun Kumar Jain u/s 180 BNSS, which is as follows, 
“Stated that today I joined the investigation in my case and I produced the printouts of WhatsApp chats in the WhatsApp group of fraudsters related to the case. These printouts include the screen shots of my banking transaction executed on the inducement of accused persons, who cheated me to the tune of Rs. 18.84 Crores on the pretext of huge profit in the investment through them, who pretended themselves to be genuine traders. All the pages are paginated from page no. 1 to 66 and each page signed by me as a token of acknowledgement and all 66 pages seized by you through seizure memo in the presence of HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh and was duly signed by me and witnesses. My statement has been recorded correctly and read over to me.”
Thereafter complainant Arun Kumar Jain was apprised with the progress of investigation and was permitted to leave the investigation. All the facts discussed with senior officers. Further investigation is pending, which is continued. 
Report CD is submitted please
Insp. Naresh Malik 
IFSO/ Spl Cell 
15.05.25
FIR No. 538/24 u/s 318/319/61(2) BNS P.S. Special Cell
Supplementary statement of Arun Kumar Jain S/o Sh. Anand Kumar Jain R/o B-539, New Friends Colony New Delhi u/s 180 BNSS
Stated that today I joined the investigation in my case and I produced the printouts of WhatsApp chats in the WhatsApp group of fraudsters related to the case. These printouts include the screen shots of my banking transaction executed on the inducement of accused persons, who cheated me to the tune of Rs. 18.84 Crores on the pretext of huge profit in the investment through them, who pretended themselves to be genuine traders. All the pages are paginated from page no. 1 to 66 and each page signed by me as a token of acknowledgement and all 66 pages seized by you through seizure memo in the presence of HC Ram Prakash and Ct Dinesh and was duly signed by me and witnesses. My statement has been recorded correctly and read over to me.  
Insp. Naresh Malik 
IFSO/ Spl Cell 
15.05.25