06.01.25
Today, I was present in office and Advocate Saiket Debnath Advocate for Md. Abu Muhashir Haider and Md. Jahangir Alam for Xtroniq Technologies Ph. 7908123692 Email ID saikatdebnath320@gmail.com visited the office and informed that he has come for   
Sir, 
With regard to the points raised by Ld. PP, the pointwise compliance of the points raised by Ld. PP is as under;
DO Letters have already been sent to WhatsApp, Gname.com Pte Ltd and Cloudfarein this regard but the reply is still awaited and further investigation is continued in this regard. 
As above
Details of WhatsApp group Admin has been obtained and a DO letter has been sent to WhatsApp for seeking details about these numbers. The reply is awaited and further investigation is continued. 
Complaint was induced to invest through online trading genuinely and was induced deceitfully to transfer the money to mule accounts dishonestly. Intention to cheat was since beginning as there was no genuine trading and complainant was induced to invest for a false IPO.  
As above
Complainant was induced to invest and was asked to transfer money in the false bank accounts used for receiving the cheated money. Wrongful loss of Rs. 18.84 Crores was suffered by the complainant and the accused persons are the beneficiaries of that money. 
In this regard, it is submitted that WhatsApp Chats clearly indicates that the complainant was assured for exorbitant profit and was induced to invest for an assured IPO falsely. He transferred the money under the deception of being transferred for genuine trading/ investment, which was missing since beginning and hence he was cheated. 
The same has been explained in the Charge in detail and further investigation is still continue.
The entire money was spent from his legitimate bank accounts and complainant is a genuine account holder in his own name. 
In this regard it is submitted that account statement of complainant was collected, which revealed the transfer of money to 26 different bank accounts. Complete bank record including account opening forms, KYC documents and account statement was collected. Ownership of Mobile Numbers and Emails associated with the said bank accounts was also obtained and placed on record as documentary evidence against the account holders.  
 That CAF/KYC/statement of account has already been collected and placed on record. 
As mentioned in Para 10 above. 
 The evidence in detail has been explained in the charge sheet 
Their bank accounts have been collected an they are direct beneficiaries of the cheated amount. Identification of accused persons have been established through their bank accounts and KYC documents. 
 Compliance has already been done and the CAF with KYC has been collected from concerned TSP and placed on record. 
Ground and reason of arrest has been prepared and placed on file for each accused arrested in the present case. 
Evidence against accused has been discussed in the charge sheet in details and placed on record. 
Role of accused persons have been explained in the Charge Sheet 
The total wrongful loss/ gain is Rs. 18.84 Crores. The details of each transaction have been mentioned in the Charge Sheet and the entire money is account for in the bank statements of complainant.  
The intention of accused was dishonest since beginning as the money was got transferred into bank accounts not related to genuine transactions. The said bank accounts were arranged as Mule accounts only to receive crime money. The WhatsApp group in which complainant was joined initially was also not genuine. 
All the accused charge sheeted till now are direct beneficiary of cheated money in their respective accounts and their identify is well established through their KYC documents 
All possible compliance has been made
Statement of all witnesses has been placed on record and the same is already included in inner CD 
Role of each accused has been explained in the Charge Sheet
Same has been explained in the charge sheet at length and related evidence is also place don record. 
As mentioned in para 21 above 
Investigation qua other accused is still pending and Supplementary wiil be filed in this regard
Investigation is still continued 
Their Bank record itself proves their involvement in the crime
Information from WhatsApp is awaited and the same will be included in the supplementary Charge Sheet
Request has been sent to preserve the data of bank accounts
Recovery cum seizure memos are placed on record qua each accused
Seized devices are being sent to FSL for further analysis
IP Logs and meatadata has been requested and further investigation is continued. 
Electronic record seized during investigation is being sent to FSL for examination 
Investigation in this regard is continued.
Details of all members have been collected and further investigation qua WhatsApp groups is continued as information sought from WhatsApp is awaited.
Accused persons are direct beneficiary of the cheated amount in their respective accounts. 
Complainant was induced and cheated to the tune of Rs. 18.84 Crores, thus offence u/s 318/319/61 is made out
Compliance already discussed above
CAF have been collected and placed on record to prove their connectivity with the accused persons 
Details sought from WhatsApp qua admin is awaited 
Investigation qua other persons is continued 
All the Bank accounts used for receiving cheated money are procured dishonestly by the accuse person and money was received in these accounts since beginning 
Not related 
Individual role of each accused have been explained in the Charge Sheet 
The role and evidence each accused have been explained in the Charge Sheet 
Accused are direct beneficiary of cheated money as they received money in their accounts 
Accused Persons impersonated as genuine traders belonging to Bajaj Finserve
 Complainant never met any accused physically and he chated with them online only. There is not call recording with the complainant 
All possible compliance have been made. Accuse are in JC. Hence, Charge Sheet may be sent to court for trial please 
Submitted please
Insp. Naresh Malik 
IFSO/Spl Cell
ACP-III/IFSO 